another reality show news tonight on ABC
we were treated to a new episode of The
Bachelor
we're down to the final four Kelsey
Hannah and Madison and any klobuchar I
think but I picked Hannah and to head
Hannah and Madison and Kelly as the
final three Kelly got the boot tonight
this was also maybe the most dramatic
episode yet for the word like by our
count there were 229 likes on tonight's
show which is like ridiculous especially
when you line them up here's this this
is just a fraction of the lightning
storm Bachelor viewers were forced to
endure this evening I think such a dream
to be here I think like when you feel
like you've only gotten like five
minutes with them for the past like
forever
wait break like like like like like like
like okay like like a like like like
like like like like I feel like I just
like perfect like like like like like
like 'nygh nygh like like like like like
like like like like like her like Mike
like Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike
Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike
I feel like right leg leg leg leg leg
leg leg leg leg leg Mike Mike Mike you
like like like like like like like like
like like like like like like literally
I like cannot even like I'm so happy
right yeah
[Applause]
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh